UDP (#31)
The-Mycelium-Network/webworkbook: content/topics/protocols/index.md

### SMTP

> SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol - This is an email protocol used for sending emails from one email account to another via the internet. SMTP server handles the sending, receiving, and relaying of email. You can think of servers as your real-life post offices. When you send a letter from city A to city B, it first reaches a local post office in city A; here, it gets processed and sent to the post office in city B, which is in charge of delivering it to its final destination. The same happens with SMTP servers—though instead of taking days, the process takes a few minutes at most.

**See also:**

* [Postmark: Everything you need to know about SMTP](https://postmarkapp.com/guides/everything-you-need-to-know-about-smtp)

### UDP

> UDP stands for User Datagram Protocol. It is specifically chosen for time-sensitive applications like gaming, playing videos, or Domain Name System (DNS) lookups. The UDP skips establishing a connection because it takes time, eliminating this step results in faster data transfer speeds, but due to the process, some of the data packets can get lost in transmission. Using UDP can leave you open to a *[DDoS attack](https://www.fortinet.com/resources/cyberglossary/ddos-attack)* if used incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UDP stands for User Datagram Protocol. UDP is specifically chosen for time-sensitive applications like online gaming, video playback, and Domain Name System (DNS) lookups. UDP uses a [connectionless communication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connectionless_communication) model, which speeds up communication between client and server. Unlike Transmission Control Protocol(TCP), the order of packets (called datagrams) is not guaranteed, nor are there any checks to ensure packets are delivered. Because a formal connection is not made, UDP can leave one open to *[DDoS attacks](https://www.fortinet.com/resources/cyberglossary/ddos-attack)* through UDP [flood attacks](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/udp-flood-ddos-attack/).
```

> > SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol - This is an email protocol used for sending emails from one email account to another via the internet. SMTP server handles the sending, receiving, and relaying of email. You can think of servers as your real-life post offices. When you send a letter from city A to city B, it first reaches a local post office in city A; here, it gets processed and sent to the post office in city B, which is in charge of delivering it to its final destination. The same happens with SMTP servers—though instead of taking days, the process takes a few minutes at most.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SMTP stands for Simple Mail Transfer Protocol - This is an email protocol used for sending emails from one email account to another via the internet. SMTP server handles the sending, receiving, and relaying of email. You can think of servers as your real-life post offices. When you send a letter from city A to city B, it first reaches a local post office in city A; here, it gets processed and sent to the post office in city B, which is in charge of delivering it to its final destination. The same happens with SMTP servers—though instead of taking days, the process takes a few minutes at most.
```

Author: The ">" was added by Schalk so I think we need to leave it in.

Reviewer 2: I'll add an introductory paragraph and then the verbatim, so we don't have all the paragraph unde quotes :)

> *[Read More Here](https://postmarkapp.com/guides/everything-you-need-to-know-about-smtp)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

**See also:**

* [Postmark: Everything you need to know about SMTP](https://postmarkapp.com/guides/everything-you-need-to-know-about-smtp)
```

It makes sense to me to put the title of the resource for two reasons: leave a preview of its content, and have in mind that we will probably add more resources in the future.

### UDP

> >UDP stands for User Datagram Protocol. It is specifically chosen for time-sensitive applications like gaming, playing videos, or Domain Name System (DNS) lookups. The UDP skips establishing an connection because it takes time, eliminating this step results in faster data transfer speeds, but due to the process, some of the data packets can get lost in transmission. Using UDP can leave you open to a *[DDoS attack](https://www.fortinet.com/resources/cyberglossary/ddos-attack)* if used incorrectly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
UDP stands for User Datagram Protocol. It is specifically chosen for time-sensitive applications like gaming, playing videos, or Domain Name System (DNS) lookups. The UDP skips establishing a connection because it takes time, eliminating this step results in faster data transfer speeds, but due to the process, some of the data packets can get lost in transmission. Using UDP can leave you open to a *[DDoS attack](https://www.fortinet.com/resources/cyberglossary/ddos-attack)* if used incorrectly.
```

**See also:**

* [Postmark: Everything you need to know about SMTP](https://postmarkapp.com/guides/everything-you-need-to-know-about-smtp)

### UDP

UDP stands for User Datagram Protocol. UDP is specifically chosen for time-sensitive applications like online gaming, video playback, and Domain Name System (DNS) lookups. UDP uses a [connectionless communication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Connectionless_communication) model, which speeds up communication between client and server. Unlike Transmission Control Protocol(TCP), the order of packets (called datagrams) is not guaranteed, nor are there any checks to ensure packets are delivered. Because a formal connection is not made, UDP can leave one open to *[DDoS attacks](https://www.fortinet.com/resources/cyberglossary/ddos-attack)* through UDP [flood attacks](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/ddos/udp-flood-ddos-attack/).

> 

Reviewer: Hey @Rico-Smit, thank you for the updates. I wonder, can we expand a little more on UDP here? I like this leading paragraph but maybe dig a little more into it. Just one extra paragraph will do this trick. Thanks!
